It seems that we export too many targets. (#1385)
simdjson/simdjson: CMakeLists.txt

endif()
install(FILES singleheader/simdjson.h DESTINATION ${CMAKE_INSTALL_INCLUDEDIR})

option(SIMDJSON_ENABLE_THREADS "Link with thread support" ON)

> if(SIMDJSON_ENABLE_THREADS)
>   configure_file("${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/cmake/simdjson-config.cmake.in"
> 	  "${PROJECT_BINARY_DIR}/simdjson-config.cmake" @ONLY)
> else(SIMDJSON_ENABLE_THREADS)
>   configure_file("${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/cmake/simdjson-config.nothread.cmake.in"
> 	  "${PROJECT_BINARY_DIR}/simdjson-config.cmake" @ONLY)
> endif(SIMDJSON_ENABLE_THREADS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include(CMakePackageConfigHelpers)
configure_package_config_file("${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/cmake/simdjson-config.cmake.in"
      "${PROJECT_BINARY_DIR}/simdjson-config.cmake" 
      INSTALL_DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR}/cmake/simdjson"
      NO_SET_AND_CHECK_MACRO
      NO_CHECK_REQUIRED_COMPONENTS_MACRO)
```

Reviewer: see also https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/module/CMakePackageConfigHelpers.html

> install(FILES "${PROJECT_BINARY_DIR}/simdjson-config.cmake"
> 	DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR}/cmake/simdjson")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
